---
layout: post
title: "Member of Avengers"
date:  2022-11-22 8:30:10 +0.010
categories: jekyll update
comments: true
---

# Avengers
Avengers is a 2012 superhero film directed by Marvel Studios and published by Walt Disney Pictures. It is based on the superhero team of the same name in Marvel Comics.

# Explain Menbers of Avengers

## 1. Iron Man
Tony Stark is the CEO who leads weapons company. On his way back from the announcement of his new weapon in Afghanistan, he was fatally wounded by guerrilla forces.  Guerrilla forces threaten him by forcing him to develop weapons for them, but he escapes there after inventing a suit. After returning to the U.S., he made suits equipped with various functions such as flying, artificial intelligence, waterproofing, missiles, and refill guns. He becomes Iron Man and he fights against evil that threatens world peace.

## 2.Hulk
It is a character where Bruce Banner and Hulk's two personalities coexist in one body. Bruce Banner, a world-renowned scientist, was exposed to gamma rays during an experiment. After the accident, when his pulse rate per minute rises and his anger becomes uncontrollable, he turns into a green monster, Hulk. Bruce Banner, who is very intelligent, has a calm and gentle personality, but When turned into  hulk, it becomes a hot-tempered figure with strong physical that emits enormous destructive power.

## 3.Thor
Thor is the god of thunder and king of the planet Asgard with a highly developed civilization. Being a royal in Asgard, he can control the weather and  has the ability to use thunder and lightning. Thor has a hammer Mjolnir. It is only available to righteous and noble people.

## 4. Captain America
Captain America is moral, fearless, noble, righteous responsible superhero. He was injected Super Soldier's serum to have a very strong power beyond humans. He wears suits reminiscent of the American flag, the Stars and Stripes. And It holds a round shield with stars made of vibranium, which a metallic material from an extraterrestrial planet. In the last movie, "Avengers Endgame", Captain America uses Thor's hammer mjolnir. He was recognized as a righteous and noble man and was qualified to use Mölnir.